["Il Cielo In Una Stanza"
by Gino Paoli playing]
[girl moaning in fear]
[shackles rattling]
[moaning continues]
[door opens]
[approaching footsteps]
[scraping]
[moaning intensifies]
[moaning, whimpering]
[music soaring]
NETFLIX PRESENTS
[music continues playing]
[vomiting]
[music continues muffled in background]
[groans]
[phone line calling]
[woman] Elisa, are you okay?
It's the second time I've thrown up.
You need to eat something, sweetheart.
The surgery is scheduled
for tomorrow at two.
The doctor says
you have to be in good shape.
It's tomorrow?
Why? Do you wanna wait?
No.
You're on a trial at work, Elisa.
You can't afford to have a baby.
Yes, I know.
It's the best thing to do.
Come on. We'll get you a new wardrobe.
How about that?
Huh?
[eerie sound playing]
Elisa?
Sound good?
-Mm-hmm.
-[woman on phone laughs]
I love you, sweetie.
Very, very much.
Love you too, Mama.
I'll see you tonight.
A big kiss.
[eerie sound intensifies]
[traffic sounds]
HI ELISA, IT'S TIME TO JOIN YOUR FRIENDS
[horn rhythmically honking]
-[recording notification chimes]
-[high-pitched sound]
One two, three. Action.
Hi to all of the friends of Fabrizio,
and welcome to my newest video.
I've got a small riddle for you guys.
Where are we going on our trip
if I sing this song to you?
[singing in Italian]
Exactly. Off to my hometown Calabria.
And on the adventure, joining us, we have…
Just tell us your name
and your destination.
Don't worry. I'll cut this part out.
Is your channel really called
"Friends of Fabrizio"?
-Yeah, my little sister chose it.
-Ah.
Hi, um, I'm Sofia,
and I'm going to attend a wedding--
Hi. My name is Mark,
and we're going to the, uh, "marriaggio."
-"Matrimonio."
-[Fabrizio] Is it your wedding?
-No.
-No. Not yet.
[Fabrizio]
Guys, can you try not to overlap?
Otherwise, it will be impossible
to edit the video later. You know?
Uh, I'm Riccardo, a doctor.
[Fabrizio] Can you tell us more about you?
For instance, where are you going?
I'm… I'm gonna see my family.
That's enough. Just… just stop.
[Fabrizio] I'm sorry,
but, you know, you have a great look.
You look awesome on camera.
You could totally be an actor.
-[giggles] Hi.
-[Fabrizio] Ciao. Hi.
[Sofia] Don't worry.
It's for his Instagram
or something like that.
-[Fabrizio] It's a travel blog.
-[Sofia] Oh, a travel blog.
[Elisa] What am I supposed to do?
[Fabrizio] Okay, you can state your name
and where you're going.
Um, I'm Elisa, and I'm going to spend time
with my parents.
-[Fabrizio] Hi, Elisa.
-[Sofia] Hi.
[Fabrizio] Guys, could you actually
tell us a bit more about yourselves?
I need the viewers
to really grow to like you.
[Fabrizio] No? Okay. Can you at least
give a little wave with your hand?
[Riccardo] Let's get going!
Our friends have to warm up.
The time is 4:37, and we're just about--
-[Riccardo] Ten minutes late.
-True. As the doctor said, we are late.
So, goodbye to you,
dear friends of Fabrizio,
and always remember,
"We'll be friends till the end of time."
And cut. That's a wrap.
[Sofia laughs]
[video camera beeps]
["Round Glasses" by Waines playing]
[radio static]
-[Sofia] Who was the god of time?
-Zeus.
No, it's time. It's Chronos.
[correct answer chime]
Which male animal has to live
inside the female in order to mate?
I know it. Sea devil.
-[correct answer chime]
-God, that turns me on.
[chuckles] Oh God.
-[Fabrizio] Are you thirsty?
-[Mark] Yeah.
Look in the fridge.
Hell yes, man. Whoo!
[Mark] It's "beer o'clock."
Hey, you just got yourself five stars.
-[bottle opening]
-[bottle cap clanking]
-[Sofia] Another word for grains?
-Wheat.
[correct answer chime]
[Sofia] What does the clown from It
feed upon? Children.
-[wrong answer buzzer]
-[Fabrizio] Fear.
What did you say?
Children are just a means to an end.
Pennywise feeds on their fear.
-[correct answer chime]
-[Mark] Elisa. This is good.
-No, I'm fine. Thank you.
-[Mark] Come on. You only live once.
Really, I'm fine.
You're gonna be old the rest of your life.
So, enjoy now.
[Sofia] Mark, come on.
Just take a sip. Be part of the tribe.
Cheers.
[Sofia] The apostle who betrayed Jesus?
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music continues playing]
[Sofia] I had a friend
that said around here
there is the most beautiful mile of Italy.
-[Mark] You told me about that guy.
-[Sofia] Yeah. Yeah. [laughs] Yeah.
-[Mark] "Drangheta."
-[Fabrizio correcting] 'Ndrangheta.
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER DISAPPEAR
IN THE SHADOW OF 'NDRANGHETA
-[Mark] "Endranguetta."
-[Fabrizio] 'Ndràngheta.
-'Ndrangheta.
-[emphasizing] 'Ndrangheta.
'Ndrangheta!
-[Fabrizio] Yes!
-Yeah!
Like this. Yes!
What's it about?
Um, this is the Mafia of queste zone.
The Mafia over here.
-[Mark] Do you have more than one?
-[Fabrizio] Yes.
[Mark] Oh, like pasta!
Trenette, tagliatelle.
[incorrect pronunciation] Fusilli.
[Mark] I like fusilli.
[Mark] Oh.
[chuckles] Oh shit. Look at this.
MAYOR AGAINST MAFIA
[Mark] Who's her stylist?
-Looks like a period.
-[Sofia] Mark, please.
Okay. Sorry. She looks like a lasagna.
No, that's the mayor. She's got balls.
She took half of the people
off the streets.
Elisa, doesn't she look like a lasagna?
[retching]
[laughing]
-Are you okay?
-[retches]
[motor stops]
[retches]
[breathing heavily]
[Sofia] Hmm.
Something's up with her.
Yeah, it's called car sickness.
Hmm. Not sure if it's the car sickness.
-[dialing]
-[phone line ringing]
-[phone line beeps]
-Why aren't you answering? [sighs]
Please pick up.
If we talk, we can find a solution
that works for us and our girl.
I had a shitty day.
Sorry. It won't happen again.
Be reasonable.
We're adults. Okay?
-Bye.
-[Fabrizio] Hey.
What the fuck are you doing?
You can't. Stop! You can't!
-[Sofia] Baby, get outta here.
-You can't!
[Mark] Like this,
we'll get to the wedding,
and they'll be grandparents.
-[Sofia] Mark.
-[Fabrizio] Look.
This camper is my mother's, okay?
She never lets anyone drive it.
If something happens,
she'll smash my head.
-What are you doing?
-[Mark] Taking over.
-[Sofia] You're drunk.
-I drive better when I'm drinking.
[sighs] What a dickhead.
You can take the wheel
if you don't feel safe. It's no problem.
I don't have my driver's license with me.
Problem solved, then.
No. My ass "problem solved."
Problem not solved! Is that clear?
-[motor starts]
-[revs engine]
[funky instrumental music playing]
[volume increases]
[Mark] Are you from here?
-You live here?
-Yes, yes.
But, um, I live in Rome for school.
Studying film. I'm in film school.
So, go make movies.
Enough of this Instagram shit.
Um, it's complicato in Italy.
[high-pitched sound]
Are you okay? How… how did this happen?
-Huh?
-[chuckles]
-Yeah. Uh, what happened?
-[Fabrizio] Ah.
An asshole once grabbed me
from the back of my head
and smashed it into the wall,
like, three times.
[Mark] Ah shit.
Me too. I was, uh… I was, uh…
-Assholes.
-Stronzo.
In school.
But then I hurt someone.
[imitates explosion]
When you're a teenager,
you think violence is cool.
Like in some bad movie.
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Hey.
To good movies.
-Yeah.
-Yeah. Cheers.
-Mark!
-[tires screeching]
-Fuck!
-[crashing]
[ominous sound]
[eerie music playing]
[moaning]
[groans]
[muffled shouting]
[muffled shouting continues]
-[Mark] Fuck! [screaming in pain]
-Watch the table and don't trip.
-No!
-[Riccardo] Go to the sofa. Put him down.
-[Mark whimpering in pain]
-[Riccardo] Rotate. Okay.
-[Riccardo] Yeah.
-[screaming in pain]
Stop, stop!
[Mark screaming in pain]
-We need to splint his leg.
-I've got a tent in my luggage.
-Can the sticks work for that?
-I think so.
-Sticks, frames, anything like that.
-[Sofia] Okay.
[Mark whimpers]
[Riccardo] Try not to move.
You'll make things worse.
[Mark] Slow, slow, slow!
[Riccardo] This is gonna hurt, okay?
-[pants ripping]
-Oh, fuck!
[Sofia] I… I'm back. Okay.
-[Riccardo] Hold the sticks. Like that.
-[Sofia] Yes, yes, yes.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-[Sofia] I'm here. I'm here.
-I'm sorry.
-It's good. It's good. Okay?
-[Riccardo] Almost done.
-[Sofia] Almost done.
[Mark screams in pain, whimpers]
Done. Elisa, call 118.
[Mark whimpers]
[Sofia] It's okay. It's okay.
It's gonna be good. You're gonna be good.
It doesn't work.
-[phone beeps]
-[Sofia] There's no signal.
-[Mark groans]
-[Sofia] Fabrizio.
[Sofia] Fabrizio! Fuck! Call 118!
-I tried. It's the same thing.
-[Riccardo] How can there be no signal?
[Sofia] Do you wanna try?
[Riccardo] Sure, I'll try. I'll try.
[Riccardo] Nothing.
[cicadas chirping]
[Riccardo] Mine doesn't work either.
[Mark grunts]
[Riccardo] We need some help.
Try and stop someone on the road.
There is no road.
[Mark groaning]
[latch clicks]
[ominous music playing]
[camper door creaks]
-[Riccardo] Nobody saw anything?
-[Fabrizio] I passed out.
[Sofia] So did I.
-[Riccardo] Well, how did we get here?
-[Fabrizio] Ask Mark.
[Sofia] What?
You think Mark took the camper out here?
[Fabrizio] Maybe. Why don't you ask him?
Guys.
[ominous music playing]
[ominous music continues playing]
Is anyone at home?
[Sofia knocking on door]
[Sofia] We had a car accident.
Hello?
-[Sofia sighs]
-[Riccardo] No one is in. Let's go.
[eerie sound playing]
-Let's break in.
-[Fabrizio] What if the owner returns?
We're not breaking in.
Let's go to the camper.
[suspenseful music playing]
[engine sputtering]
[Mark] It was a goat.
It was something like that.
It just appeared
in the middle of the road.
I tried to steer away from it,
but Fabrizio took the wheel from me,
so I couldn't--
[Fabrizio] It's my fault now.
Hey, man. If you hadn't taken the wheel,
we would've never driven off the road.
He was falling asleep.
That's why he didn't see it.
If I hadn't steered, we would've hit it.
-[Mark] What did you say?
-That you were asleep at the wheel.
What? Bullshit!
Okay, maybe I was asleep
for, like, a split second,
but we… we would've never hit the tree
if Chiara Ferragni didn't panic.
-[Sofia] Okay, stop this.
-Ridiculous. He's a shithead.
Mark, the tree we crashed into,
how far was it from the road?
I don't know.
Like, a few meters.
There is no road in sight.
We're in the middle of the woods.
[Mark] That's impossible.
[Ricardo scoffs] Impossible?
Look at those trees.
Thousands of trees,
and we passed straight through them.
Or maybe we've just fallen from the sky
to this clearing.
That's what I call impossible.
-[Fabrizio] Where you going, Doctor?
-Looking for the road.
-[Fabrizio] I'm coming with you.
-[Riccardo] No need.
[Fabrizio] Don't go that way.
-[Riccardo] It all looks the same.
-[Fabrizio] No, look at the sun.
We have to go south.
That is south.
[Riccardo] Were you
a Boy Scout or something?
[Fabrizio]
No, but I grew up in a place like this.
[Riccardo] Okay, fine.
Go back to the others.
MOM
I DON'T KNOW WHERE WE ARE
I'M SCARED
WE NEED HELP
[phone buzzing]
[approaching footsteps]
Are you okay?
[Elisa] Mm.
[chuckles] Look, he is such a dork.
[dance music playing on phone]
-[Elisa laughs]
-[Sofia laughs in video]
[laughs]
[Sofia sighs]
Have you dated for a long time?
Ever since I moved to America.
Well, he's not American either.
He had just arrived from Bristol.
Where are you from?
Odessa.
But I lived here and there. Also in Italy.
So I'm like a hummingbird.
Is that what it's called? Colibrì?
[Sofia chuckles]
So what do you do?
I'm an intern at a consulting firm.
A Bocconi graduate.
Wow!
And you say it like that?
I'm pretty much
stuck at a computer all day.
I have a company.
We make 3D-printed jewelry.
[Elisa] Your own company?
-Mm-hmm.
-You're so young though.
[laughs] It's only a start-up.
[Sofia] Look.
Pretty.
[Sofia laughs]
Do you think it's his fault?
No.
He'll be fine. You'll see.
[ominous music playing]
[Fabrizio] Doctor, you have a daughter?
Sorry, I overheard your call before.
What's her name?
[Riccardo] Alma.
Noble. Alma.
It's nice. What does it mean?
It means you should mind
your own fucking business.
Focus.
We should've found the road already.
[Fabrizio] One time,
I saw this American movie, right,
about these people
who end up in a sort of Limbo,
and they are not aware of it.
So they are, like, in a trap, you know?
And they are doomed
to repeat the same things.
For example, they wake up,
and it's always the same day.
Or they go downstairs,
and it's always the same floor, you know?
[tense music playing]
[Elisa] Sofia.
[tense music continues]
[Riccardo] What the fuck?
[flies buzzing]
[suspenseful music playing]
Is anyone there?
What is that?
Something satanic?
[flies buzzing]
THE THREE KNIGHTS OF HONOR
More or less.
What do you mean by that?
It means we need to leave now.
Look at the heads. The blood's fresh.
[eerie rhythmic music playing]
[music fades]
[suspenseful music rising]
[door slams]
[door hinges creaking]
[Fabrizio] The first has no eyes.
But even in the dark, he'll find you.
The second has no ears,
but he will surely hear you.
The third has no mouth to speak,
but if you see him, don't say a word.
[Fabrizio] A winged horse by his side
is the song of death.
It's the legend of Osso,
Mastrosso, and Carcagnosso.
My grandma always told me their story
when I was little.
They are three brothers
who came from another world.
A long, long time ago…
people were dying of starvation.
They promised to save them,
but with the condition
that they receive a sacrifice in return.
So the villagers chose the victim,
and they prepared the ritual.
To start, they cut out her tongue…
then ears…
and eyes.
With her blood,
they rid the village of hunger.
But everything comes at a price.
So, since then, the starving people
became…
like a flock.
Their flock.
[ominous music playing]
[Sofia] Your grandmother
told you some weird stories.
[Riccardo] Okay.
Enough with this bullshit.
The heads in the forest.
Are you sure there were five?
Five.
Someone's trying to freak us out.
Let's sleep in the camper,
and we'll leave tomorrow.
And Mark?
We can't move him in his condition.
Let's find help,
and we'll come back for him.
[Sofia] Of course.
[Elisa] Sofia.
[chilling music playing]
[chilling music fades]
[radio static]
Nothing. Nada.
[Sofia] How's my baby?
[Mark] I put you all in deep shit.
[Sofia] Rest now.
Tomorrow will be a big day.
Fifì.
What are you doing with a loser like me?
[Fabrizio laughing]
[Riccardo] What's so funny?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
We crash into a tree
a few feet from the road,
and we wake up
in front of the house of Sam Raimi.
There are severed animal heads,
pictures of crazy farmers…
We are isolated.
The phones don't work.
Why hasn't anyone said it yet?
This is the setup
for a classic horror movie.
Go to sleep, man.
-[Riccardo] Where you going?
-[Fabrizio] Gotta drain the lizard.
That guy desperately needs a girlfriend.
[pants unzip]
[eerie sound playing]
[ominous music playing]
MOM
[Riccardo in video] Ta-da!
[Riccardo blows kisses]
[girl in video giggling]
What about this? Show it to Mom.
Show Mom how nice it is.
A kiss? [kisses]
[distant scream]
You're so beautiful! Give me a kiss.
Give Daddy a kiss.
Mom, look. She's giving Daddy a kiss.
[kisses]
What is it?
[distant scream]
Wait, where you going?
Stay with Mark.
[door opens]
[ominous music playing]
[clanking]
[squeaking]
Stay here.
Be careful.
-[loud thump]
-[exclaims]
Come out. Someone's in the woods.
We need to get outta here.
What the fuck?
-[Riccardo] What happened? Hey.
-[Fabrizio] Come.
-[whispers] Fabri, what's going on?
-Quick! Go up!
-What the fuck is going on?
-Go up! Up, up!
[ominous music playing]
[voice breathing heavily]
What is it?
[Elisa] They cut out her tongue.
[Sofia] What did they do to you?
[pants]
[Sofia] Shh.
Hey, I don't think
you should get any closer to her.
Yeah, he's right. Let's go.
Are you guys gonna help?
-[Riccardo] No. We need to leave.
-There's a little girl. Shh.
-[Fabrizio] It's an awful idea.
-[Riccardo] Leave her!
[Riccardo] Sofia!
Sofia, fuck, leave her alone! Move away!
[Sofia] Easy. I'll help you now.
[loud thud]
[siren blaring]
[crying]
[sobbing]
[siren continues blaring]
Switch off the torch.
[loud thud]
[siren continues blaring]
Mark. Mark!
-Shut up! Shh!
-Fuck off, man! Mark! Mark!
-Shut up!
-Please, they are carrying a rifle.
-Close the hatch.
-[muffled screaming]
[siren blaring]
-Shut up. Shut up. Be quiet.
-[Sofia whimpering]
[door slams]
[Mark whimpering, groaning in pain]
[groaning]
[Mark groaning]
[Mark whimpering]
[Mark muffled] What do you want?
What do you want?
[Mark grunts]
[Sofia whimpering]
[Mark moaning, groaning]
[Mark muffled] What are you doing?
["La Casa" by Sergio Endrigo playing]
[Mark grunting]
[muffled] No, no, no…
No, no… [groaning and whimpering]
["La Casa" continues playing]
[Mark] Please don't! Please don't!
What are you doing?
[mumbled shouting]
[Mark] No, please. No, no, no!
[shouting in pain]
[shouting intensifies]
[muffled groaning]
[Mark continues shouting in pain]
-[Mark groans in pain]
-[girl sobbing]
No, no, no! What are you doing?
[Mark moaning in pain]
[Mark] Oh my God.
What do you want? What do you want?
-[music continues playing, muffled]
-[muffled screaming]
[music playing normally]
[Mark whimpering]
[whirring]
[Mark groaning] No, no! No!
-[dial tightening]
-[Mark whimpering]
[Mark panting]
[breathing heavily]
[breathing intensifies]
[whimpering]
[dial tightening]
[Mark screaming in pain]
[Sofia sobbing]
[Mark's screaming intensifies]
-[squelching]
-[Mark screaming]
[screaming intensifies]
[loud squelching thud]
["La Casa" continues playing]
[shackles rattling]
[siren blaring]
-[electrical crackling]
-[latch clicks]
[siren continues blaring]
[loud thud]
[siren fades]
[thud]
[dragging]
[Riccardo muffled]
We have to go. Hurry up.
-[Elisa muffled] Wait.
-[Riccardo muffled] Wait for what?
[Elisa muffled] We can't leave her here.
Get away. Get away.
[straining]
Come on.
[girl panting]
[breathing heavily]
She's your responsibility. Let's go. Now.
-[sobbing]
-[retreating footsteps]
[haunting music playing]
[inaudible dialogue]
[haunting music continues playing]
[Riccardo] Elisa.
[suspenseful music playing]
[haunting, chilling music playing]
[music fades]
[wind howling]
[desolate guitar music playing]
We're not the first people.
-[Sofia] What are you doing?
-[Riccardo] I might find something to eat.
Or something like this.
What are you doing there?
Why the fuck are you just standing there?
I'm with a bunch of idiots.
Two little girls. A loser.
[Sofia] You're a hopeless case.
[Riccardo] What did you say?
What did you say?
A hopeless case?
Of course you're saying it.
We have to believe it.
-'Cause, of course, you're the expert.
-Just say it.
Get it out.
Sure, I'll say it. I'll say it.
I have no problem saying it.
-If we're stuck, it's because of Mark.
-How can you say that?
-Have some respect, Doctor.
-[Riccardo] Respect?
Respect for what now?
Because he's dead now?
What the fuck you think
we'll all be tonight?
He's dead because
you left him there to die.
You abandoned him
and prevented me from helping him.
Who the fuck do you think we are, huh?
The fucking Ninja Turtles? Come on!
[sobbing] They were just farmers.
Sick people.
I refuse to die because an idiot
drove drunk and got us into this mess!
-[shouts] Have I made that clear enough?
-[Elisa] Stop it! It was an accident.
I'm a doctor.
I cure sick people.
I don't rescue them.
Yeah, right.
Can I ask you something, Riccardo?
What doctor uses carpooling?
[Sofia] As far as I know, doctors travel
by plane, train, car rental.
Exactly what kind of doctor are you?
And what the fuck has that got to do
with any of this shit?
-[Fabrizio] Let's stop fighting.
-[both] Shut up!
-[Fabrizio sighs]
-You didn't exactly do much to save him.
Why didn't you bite my hand?
Huh?
Why didn't you kick me in the balls?
Huh.
You just didn't fight hard enough
to save the love of your life.
You could've fought harder than you did.
Can I see that?
[Elisa] Is this yours?
[Elisa] Chiara.
What a pretty name.
Do you know a way out of this forest?
THIS IS NOT A FOREST
What do you mean it's not a forest?
[siren blaring]
[siren continues blaring]
[ominous music playing]
We need to go now.
[ominous music intensifies]
[ominous music stops]
You gotta be fucking kidding me.
[eerie music playing]
[Riccardo] Where's the camper?
[Riccardo] They took the fucking camper!
I was certain we were walking
in the right direction. Walking south.
-I don't understand how we're here.
-Yeah? You're certain?
You're certain?
So how the fuck is it possible
that we walked in a circle?
-[Fabrizio] I don't know!
-You don't?
-We were walking south!
-You don't know?
I want to save myself as much as you do.
I don't understand why.
[sobbing] We were walking south.
[Riccardo] Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Fuck.
[Riccardo, Fabrizio sobbing]
Look, it's okay.
Maybe I'm in a… a coma.
Maybe this is a nightmare.
And you don't exist. [sighs]
Doctor, believe me.
Right now, I'd rather not exist.
[hopeless music playing]
Well, at least they forgot this one.
[Fabrizio] Yesterday,
they came after dark.
I don't really want to go back inside,
but out here is worse.
He's right.
And if they return?
If they come back, we'll burn it down.
These woods and that fucking house.
[haunting music playing]
[approaching footsteps]
-[bottle opens]
-[bottle cap rattles]
[gulps]
No, thanks. I gotta be on watch.
[sighs]
Disciplinary probation.
[Riccardo] I made…
a mistake…
and my patient died.
My job was my whole life.
I lost all of it.
[Riccardo] Then, things got even worse.
I went home to my wife.
I said something wrong
at the wrong time, and I--
Now she doesn't even allow me
to see my daughter.
Rightly so.
I was going to live with my mother.
She still treats me like a teen.
She said, "Come home."
"Just come home."
That's the kind of doctor I am.
[inhales, exhales]
[Fabrizio] Once, I was camping,
and there was this guy
from a region up north
who says, "You are a Southerner.
You are in the Mafia."
So I told him,
"No, look.
Not all Southerners are gangsters."
But he was insistent.
He said, "No, no. You are a Southerner.
You are in the Mafia."
I tried to reason with him
by telling him that there are Southerners
who don't actually eat pizza
and some Southerners
who are not in the Mafia.
The day after, he's back telling me,
"No, you are a Southerner.
You are in the Mafia."
So, I went and had him killed.
[chuckles]
[Chiara laughs]
[Riccardo, Elisa laugh]
[Sofia, Fabrizio laugh]
[all laughing]
[ominous music playing]
[Elisa] One day, I told my parents
I wanted to quit uni.
I wanted to do something else.
Mom put me in the car
and drove me to a seaside resort.
We stayed at a gorgeous mansion
with a pool.
She said,
"Look at it."
She insisted, "Look at it better."
"This would've been ours
if we hadn't paid for your school costs."
Two days later, I was back in class.
I do it for Mark.
You do it for your baby.
So you knew?
[Sofia] Sweetie, we all figured it out.
He was doomed anyway,
even before ending up here.
[Sofia] Oh yeah?
It's for the best.
Right?
How would I know?
Here. Have it.
[Elisa] It's a lie that it's pretty.
But it's the first one.
When I finished it,
I knew I could succeed on my own.
[whispers] Yeah.
[Sofia sniffles]
-[Elisa] Hey. Don't cry.
-[Sofia sniffles]
[sniffles]
[ominous music playing]
[siren blaring]
[siren continues blaring]
[groans]
[whimpers]
[siren continues blaring]
-[loud thump]
-[electrical crackling]
[ominous music playing]
[whimpering]
[gasps]
[chilling music playing]
[whimpering softly]
[music fades]
[tongue clicking rapidly]
[tongues clicking rapidly]
[panting]
[breathing heavily]
[tongue clicking continues]
[horse snorts]
[whimpering]
[Fabrizio] Don't look.
Please don't look.
[Sofia whimpering]
[Sofia sobbing]
[crying]
[crying intensifies]
-[squelch]
-[Sofia groaning in pain]
[Riccardo groaning in pain]
[Riccardo groaning loudly]
[grunting in pain]
[shouting in pain]
[tearing]
[screaming]
[sobbing]
[chilling music continues]
[music fades]
[ringing]
[ringing intensifies]
[hopeless music playing]
[ringing and tongue clicking continue]
[Elisa sobbing]
[swords rasp]
[Elisa crying]
We didn't even realize.
It doesn't make sense.
Shh.
I'm so sorry.
[Elisa sobbing]
Is it okay if I hug you?
[sobs]
We didn't wake up the whole time.
What was it?
What are you saying?
You never drank.
Why didn't you ever drink?
Are you crazy?
Please, Elisa, I can't take this.
[Elisa whimpers]
[Fabrizio] It's just you and me.
I'm so scared, Elisa.
[Fabrizio sobs] I'm so scared.
[tense, pulsing music playing]
[Elisa sniffles]
[shaky breathing]
[pulsing music grows faster]
[woman over earpiece]
Fabrizio, can you hear me?
Take her under the deer.
[tense music rising]
[music stops]
[woman speaks indistinctly]
[woman] If you can hear us,
take the girl under the deer.
Who are you? [sobs]
I'm Fabrizio. It's me.
[woman speaks indistinctly]
[sobs] Who's talking?
-Nobody.
-Stay back!
-[sobs]
-[woman] I'm not getting anything useful.
-Hey.
-[woman] Fabrizio, can you hear me?
-It's me, Fabrizio.
-[woman] Fabrizio.
The misfit. The loser.
You guys called me names behind my back.
[Fabrizio] Come on. Give it to me.
-Give it to me.
-[whimpers]
I told you to give it back! What the hell?
-[sobs]
-[woman] Hello?
No.
No!
No! No!
No, you fucking whore!
You're such a fucking slut!
Total fucking slut!
You hear me? You've ruined it all!
You completely ruined it all!
You ruined it all!
Fucking bitch!
[brooding music playing]
[exhales]
Take her.
-[approaching footsteps]
-[Elisa whimpering]
[door slams]
[Elisa screaming hysterically]
[screaming continues]
[Elisa] Help! Help me!
[Elisa screaming]
[door slams]
[cheerful accordion music playing]
[sizzling]
[cheerful music continues playing]
[boy in Italian] Dad, tell me something.
When Grandpa was heartbroken,
he kept saying,
"There's no respect anymore!"
Dad, what's respect?
[moans]
[boy singing in Italian]
♪ My son, respect is the virtue ♪
♪ That every Calabrian man
Has in his heart ♪
♪ This feeling doesn't exist anymore ♪
♪ Respect is over, and so is honor ♪
♪ When your granddad
Talked about his past ♪
♪ And his youth to his children ♪
♪ He ended up with a broken heart ♪
♪ Remembering everything
That isn't here anymore ♪
[in English] Help me.
[sobs] Please.
[boy in Italian] Dad.
Who were the three knights
that Grandpa always talked about?
♪ The three wise knights he mentioned ♪
♪ Were three saints of the holy circles ♪
♪ They brought us the honorable laws ♪
♪ And we are all devoted to them ♪
[song ends]
[in English] A drink
to the Three Knights of Honor.
To the great patron saints.
Osso, Mastrosso, and Carcagnosso. Cheers.
And now, enjoy your meal.
[forks clanking]
[whimpering]
[all imitate whimpering]
[crying]
Stop it!
[mayor humming]
[flies buzzing]
Do you see?
They're all content.
Because I look after them.
[mayor] I am everybody's mother.
Is it true I'm everybody's mother?
[mayor] They're not mean.
They're mocking you, yeah?
But they know you're the most precious
out of everyone.
If you don't die,
how can I take care of everyone here?
Huh?
[mayor] You're so beautiful.
Such a pretty girl.
I'm sorry.
But the Mafia
really isn't what it used to be.
We must all learn to adapt.
[car horn honks]
THREE KNIGHTS CAMPING
[suspenseful music playing]
[sobbing] Help me.
Eat, everyone, or your food will be cold.
[Elisa crying] Help!
[crying] Help!
[Elisa crying] Help me!
[Elisa shouts] Help!
[Elisa shouts] Help me!
[Elisa sobbing]
[sobbing]
Help me!
[car retreating]
[sobbing]
[tense music playing]
[thump]
[moans softly]
[ethereal music playing]
[sobs softly]
Give us a smile, Mama.
You filmed everything.
[Fabrizio] There.
I have to be honest.
Even if you occasionally screw things up,
the moment you figure it all out is, like…
Fuck, it's a real turn-on.
Where is Chiara?
What did you do to her?
No. No spoilers.
[Elisa] Is this what you do?
Record videos of people
being tortured and killed?
They're horror movies.
[laughing]
[laughing continues]
What the fuck?
[laughing hysterically]
[Elisa sniffles] So I end up dying
in a loser's fake movie.
And the villains are actually called Osso,
Mastrosso, and Ca…
Caranosso!
[Fabrizio] Carcagnosso.
It's not complicated.
They are the three
founding fathers of the Mafia,
and I turned them into the new
Freddy, Jason, and Leatherface
'cause I'm a genius.
If we were in the States,
they would already sign me for a sequel.
Your movie totally sucks.
It's just a carbon copy of other films.
People like you always criticize.
Then in Italy, all you get are crappy
comedies and shitty YouTube videos.
In Italy, no one wants to be scared.
You go to the movies and are like,
"Ew, that's so gross! No."
"Na, na, na, na, naa!"
[Fabrizio breathes heavily]
Except, then, you turn on the TV,
and there's nothing but death.
24/7. Dead people.
Because you enjoy it.
The student who massacres her flatmate,
that's… that's what you like.
The mother who choked her son.
Wonderful.
The husband stabbing his wife.
That's… that's worth more than cocaine.
And so you're asking me,
why, exactly, am I doing all of this?
It's what you asked for.
These are the most requested
forms of content.
It's the future.
Not mine.
Okay. We'll see.
[moans softly]
[shaky breathing]
[squelching]
[haunting music playing]
[moaning]
[shaky breathing]
[sobbing]
[sobbing intensifies]
[moaning]
[gasps]
[controlled breathing]
[hopeful music playing]
[wind gusting]
[emotional music playing]
[music turns tense]
[gasps]
[sobbing]
Chiara?
[ominous music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[door opening]
[Fabrizio] Fucking bitch!
What a fucking bitch!
I swear to God. I swear to God.
If I could, I'd kill her twice.
If I could kill that cocktease twice,
I would!
-[girl] But she hoodwinked you.
-That scrawny girl!
Wait. I have an idea.
-[girl] You do?
-Yes.
So, basically, we can insert that shot
where everyone's in their masks.
Yeah? And we stay a little longer
on the sacrifice of those two assholes.
Okay? Then cut.
And there she is, laying in the house.
And I hold her tight in my arms,
and I say my beautiful line,
the one that goes like,
"Elisa. Elisa, I am so scared."
"I'm so scared. Elisa, I'm so scared."
-[video game sounds]
-It doesn't work.
How do you knock her out again?
If you hit her one more time, she'll die.
-[Fabrizio] With the beer.
-[Chiara] It doesn't work.
[Fabrizio] You too. I mean,
all you can say is, "It doesn't work!"
Listen. Mom was clear about that.
The client wants her to be aware.
[Fabrizio] Fuck Mom too! Fuck Mom too!
-Lower your voice.
-No! The fuck I lower my voice!
-I'm not lowering my voice!
-Lower your voice!
[Fabrizio] Look at the fucking mess
I had to go through
to get the camper over here
because the English guy wanted to drive!
[Chiara] You made this mess.
You caused the accident.
-And Elisa!
-[Chiara] I don't give a damn!
The only thing she figured out
was the beer!
Do you think I care? Did I complain?
I was full of scratches,
covered in sweat, and I couldn't speak.
-You're completely incompetent!
-…I cut your tongue out!
I'm going to tell Mom,
and she's going to kick your ass
because you can't do anything.
You really don't understand anything!
-I'm the artist in this family!
-[Chiara] Lower your voice!
Shut up, asshole!
[tense music playing]
You're so incompetent.
Stupid dwarf.
[sobs softly]
Two days with this thing in my mouth.
-Next time, I want to be the villain.
-Mom doesn't know shit about horror.
Listen, she's the boss.
If she wants her to be aware
when she dies, she'll be aware.
She doesn't understand
that this thing doesn't make any sense.
It's like when Leonardo DiCaprio freezes.
Why the fuck
doesn't he climb on top of the door?
[mumbles]
Huh?
Actually, there was room for him too.
[woman over radio] Ready to shoot in 15.
Get the girl into the house.
There. Huh?
There. And now? What do I do now?
No? Tell me what to do.
I don't know.
First of all, stop drinking,
or you'll have to pee on set.
I know by experience.
[rifle cocks]
Crap.
[intense music playing]
[rifle clicks]
[suspenseful music playing]
[gunshot]
[screaming in pain]
[Fabrizio continues screaming]
[whimpering]
[Fabrizio groaning in pain]
[Fabrizio screaming in pain]
[Fabrizio] The girl escaped!
The girl escaped!
[Fabrizio grunting]
Okay.
Okay, so you kill me, huh? And then?
What the fuck are you going to do?
They'll be in the house waiting for you.
[Fabrizio groaning]
They'll cut you up, I swear,
and they'll feed you to the pigs.
You understand?
They are gonna feed you to the pigs.
[gulps]
Come on.
Put down the rifle.
Huh?
Let's find a solution, something.
If you want to survive, you need me.
-You can't make it on your own.
-[Elisa] You fucking talk too much.
[Fabrizio moans]
[whimpering] Please, don't do this.
[sobs] I'm so scared.
I'm so scared.
[Elisa] Shh.
[gasps]
[Elisa] Don't worry. It's only a movie.
You bitch.
Fucking bitch.
You deserve to die on--
[gunshot echoing]
[brooding music playing]
There you have your ending.
[beep]
[suspenseful music playing]
[siren blaring]
[suspenseful music fades]
[tense music plays]
[siren continues blaring]
[Elisa panting]
[boy panting]
MILITARY AREA - NO TRESPASSING
ARMED SURVEILLANCE
[chattering]
["Il Cielo In Una Stanza"
by Gino Paoli playing]
MOM
THE SURGERY IS IN A FEW HOURS
WHY IS YOUR MOBILE OFF?
IF IT'S A PRANK,
YOU WON'T GET AWAY WITH IT
[music continues playing]
[music soaring]
[water burbling]
[music continues playing]
[song fades]
[computer chimes]
COMMENTS ON THE MOVIE?
I LASTED 2 MINUTES, BORING
I LIKED IT
ELISA SHOULD'VE CROAKED
RIPPED OFF OTHER MOVIES
THE LEGEND IS REAL!
OSSO, MASTROSSO, AND CARCAGNOSSO?
YES, GOOGLE IT.
US ITALIANS ARE NOT GOOD
AT MAKING HORROR MOVIES.
MORE BLOOD OR NO MEMBERSHIP
AT LEAST ARE THEY UNDERSTANDABLE?
THE DIRECTOR IS ITALIAN, SHOW SUPPORT.
NO KITTY
SUPERLIKE FOR BLONDIE'S ASS
RIGHT. I'LL WATCH IT NOW.
LET ME KNOW
INSERT PASSWORD TO ACCESS PROFILE
PLAY - OTHER INFO
PLAY
BLOODFLIX PRESENTS
-[Mark in video] Hi, Elisa.
-Hi.
[Fabrizio] Guys, could you actually
tell us a bit more about yourselves?
I need the viewers
to really grow to like you.
No?
Okay. Can you at least
give a little wave with your hand?
[Fabrizio] Fucking bitch.
You deserve to die on--
[gunshot]
[girl] Dad, it's ready. Coming?
I'll be right there, sweetheart.
["Few Rainy Seconds"
by Clunker .b playing]
[song ends]
[tense music playing]